This series of exxperiments attempted to find a counterbalance between grain duration and modulation index.
The assumption was that longer grains generally would need less modulation to produce similar timbre complexity.
Both grain dur and mod index are modulated (linearly) over each experiment.

Several different feedback delay settings was used, and til file names reflect this, for eample ndx2_dur2_dly066 (delay time 0.66).
As each delay time produces different sideband patterns, it seemed useful to try out the dur/index combo with these different contexts.

Different grain dur intervals was used, in the same combination for each subseries (delay time setting) of this experiment.
The grain duration would then vary between these values:
  - 1 grdur 0.5 - 0.8
  - 2 grdur 0.7 - 1.0
  - 3 grdur 0.9 - 1.2 
  - 4 grdur 1.1 - 1.4
  - 5 grdur 1.3 - 1.4
  - 6 grdur 1.4 - 1.6
  - 7 grdur 1.6 - 2.0
  - 8 grdur 0.8 - 1.6

Interesting delay time settings could be  0.6, 0.66, 0.77, 1.25, 1.75, 2.25
Initially, only 0.6, 0.66 and 0.77 was tested.

As a first impression, a linear counterbalance between grain dur and mod index can not be found. 
Within each grain duration interval, the timbre complexity would vary, sometimes being more complex in the middle of the experiment (middle of the linear automation of dur).
As such the start and end points of the index value was hard to set reasonably. 

Notably, the timbre complexity as a result of changing the mod index might also "oscillate" in some cases. 
This means that we might have a reasonably simple/stable timbre at a mod index of, say 0.8. 
Then it will increase in complexity as the mod index rise to, say 1.1, AND THEN DECREASE AGAIN if mod index is set to an even higher value.
This "oscillation" makes it hard to know if we are totally off in trying to determine reasonable grain.dur/index combinations.

Also, perhaps the "oscillation" is a result of the chaotic/indeterministic behavior (as known with mod index above 1).
... which mean, by pure luck, we might happen to get simple timbres at some exact high value of mod index.
Assumedly, there must be some system to it ...(?), or some way of describing tendencies of behaviour(?)

Another notable thing is that we can see an initial disturbance. 
For example, if a stable index setting (with some other combination of parameters) at the END of an experiment produce a stable/simple sound,
then starting the net experiment with these setting will not necessarily produe a stable/simple sound.
Perhaps this initial disturbance is related to the transient at the start of the sound. 
When the sound starts, we have a discontinulty, as it was previously very differnt (silence), and the chaotic system is sensitive to this change (?).
Listening to the produced sounds, this disturbance is perhaps less prominent that what I observed when adjusting the parameters and making the experimentns (visual only inspection).
When listeing it is easier to perceive the continuity of timbral evolution (from the end of one experiment to the start of the next),
still the discontinuity will often make a more complex sound briafly at the start of the next experiment. 
It is thus not neglible, but can perhaps be assumed to rather consistently stabilize(?) after a short time (0.2 seconds or less). 

Perhaps make an automatic procedure for searching through parameter combinations that produce similar levels of complexity?
It would need a "complexity analyzer", for example looking for sideband spacing (less distance = higher complexity).
Then vary the parameter settings incrementally (either with continuous sound, or restarting the sound from silence), to exhaustively map all parameter combinations.
Considering the parameters mod index, graindur, grainpitch and feedback delay, it is just 4 parameters so the search space should be manageable.
Including fundamental frequency (grain rate) might als be useful, as it will most likely also behave differently with different fundamentals.
How to represent the result of such an analysis?
... some kind of 5-dimensional graph?
